# Release 2
The aim of this release is to make the app more functional with more sufficient persistence and a more sophisticated ui. The core logic will be expanded to support a greater input of user information, including an appropriate hash for the users password. For this release there will not be implemented cloud-based storage so that real users can use the app simoultaneously, meaning that there will be added a BotUser class to make sure some of the profiles the user likes also can like the user back. There will also be added a login and signup page, together with a match page where the user will be able to see all the people he or she has matched with. 

## User Story
After a year and a half living in a global pandemic, Ulf Reidar has recognized an increased need to connect with new people. He finds that he does not have a platform where he can get in touch with people with the same interests as him without being forced to meet more people than he is comfortable with. Ulf wants an app or webpage where he can find a meaningful connection that goes beyond just swiping on people left and right. He wants to find a new friend, girlfriend or companion who has some of the same interests as he does, like camping and knitting by the fire. And he wants to be certain that there is almost a guaranteed mutual interest between him and this new person. After being “introduced” he wants to be able to get in touch and meet this person in real life. Being comfortable that it is safe also from a pandemic viewpoint.

Due to this he wants the application to put a person up against someone else so that he has the oppertunity to compare whoever he is presented with to other people on the app. If he can "choose" this person over someone else multiple times then he can also be more sure of his interest to the other user. When he matches with someone he would like the application to provide an overview of Naturally, seeing that the pandemic and therefore his interests change constantly, he needs an oppertunity to change and update his bio as he sees fit. 